Update the tutorial for 0.12.0 (#1799)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorial/03-pages.md

<Tabs groupId="js-ts">
<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```jsx title="src/MainPage.jsx"
import waspLogo from './waspLogo.png'
import './Main.css'

export const MainPage = () => {
  // ...
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ts" label="TypeScript">

```tsx title="src/MainPage.tsx"
import waspLogo from './waspLogo.png'
import './Main.css'

export const MainPage = () => {
  // ...
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Since Wasp uses React for the frontend, this is a normal functional React component. It also uses the CSS and logo image that sit next to it in the `src` folder.

Author: I ditched the entire first part of the sentence.

## Cleaning Up

Now that you've seen how Wasp deals with Routes and Pages, it's finally time to build the Todo app.

Start by cleaning up the starter project and removing unnecessary code and files.

First, remove most of the code from the `MainPage` component:

<Tabs groupId="js-ts">
<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```jsx title="src/MainPage.jsx"
export const MainPage = () => {
  return <div>Hello world!</div>
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ts" label="TypeScript">

```tsx title="src/MainPage.tsx"
export const MainPage = () => {
  return <div>Hello world!</div>
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

At this point, the main page should look like this:

<img alt="Todo App - Hello World"
src={useBaseUrl('img/todo-app-hello-world.png')}
style={{ border: "1px solid black" }}
/>

> You can now delete redundant files: `src/Main.css`, `src/waspLogo.png`, and `src/HelloPage.{jsx,tsx}` (we won't be needing it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now delete redundant files: `src/Main.css`, `src/waspLogo.png`, and `src/HelloPage.{jsx,tsx}`. We won't be needing them for the rest of the tutorial.
```
